PowersUp interaction with Ares (#319)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/New-or-Enhanced-Logics.md

- Building upgrades now can be placed on own buildings, on allied buildings and/or on enemy buildings. These three owners can be specified via a new tag, comma-separated. When upgrade is placed on building, it automatically changes it's owner to match the building's owner.
- One upgrade can now be applied to multiple buildings via a new tag, comma-separated.

>   - Ares-introduced build limit for building upgrades can work with this feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Ares-introduced build limit for building upgrades works with this feature. 
```
